It's Miss Late Autumn, right?
Yes, please follow me.
How long has Mr. Tang been waiting for you?
Mr. Tang, Miss Su Wanqiu is here
Sister-in-law, hurry up, hurry up
This
Mr. Tang, what did you just call me?
Oh oh Miss Su
Miss Su, I'll pour it for you.
What is
Thank you Mr. Tang
Ah, by the way, Mr. Tang
This is the information of our Su Group.
Please finish
Although our Su Group
It's just a second-floor clothing business.
But our production design
Quality packaging
operation promotion
There are also after-sales services that are adhering to serving customers.
The Genetic Idea of Self-Accomplishment
Miss Su, your information
It's really well prepared
If there is no problem with you.
Are you ready to sign this agreement?
We can sign the contract.
Can we ask why?